Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Everyone in this city wants
me dead because of you.
He's got my son.
Together we can get to asif.
I get my baby.
You get your answers.
Thanks for bringing
me in on this. old friend.
We couldn't have done
any of this without you.
I'll see you in two days.
To legalise drugs. you need suppliers.
I've just seen Henry
amiel with asif afridi.
I'm sure they're the
ones behind the spiking.
Don't you want to know
the truth about your wife?
- I think they know.
- Just stick to the plan.
I need that information.
That logo. it was on
some files Naomi had.
If anyone comes for
you and your mother.
you need to be ready.
Especially if that person is Elliot.
The order to kill Sean
was sent to this phone.
And this is the number it came from.
It's got which territories.
what they grow...
Everything.
This is brilliant.
This... this won't be
traced back to me. will it?
No one knows you're my source.
Look. you need to be careful too. man.
These people are very powerful.
Not for much longer.
Stop the fucking car now!
I'm warning you! Closer!
Fuck.
I didn't get the file.
She's heading your way.
Help. please. help...
We've been experimenting with a variety
of different papaver somniferum cultivars
to see which respond best
to local soil and climate.
The yield from this one
has been outstanding.
It's giving us. on average.
95 milligrams per pod.
Maybe we should wait until she's done.
She'll want to know.
How much is that per hectare?
25 kilograms.
This had better be important.
Naomi Keegan is dead.
Her son was with her. He was killed too.
Go and wait outside. I'll
be there when I'm done.
This is your last fucking chance
to save your family.
I told you.
They had nothing to do with this.
Just tell us who ordered this
and Shannon and Danny. they don't die.
I told you... this is all me.
He's lying.
You're not gonna give Henry amiel
and asif afridi a little bit of credit?
We're wasting our time
with this fucking snake.
Liam. take as many men as you need.
Find Danny and Shannon and kill them.
Of course.
Wait. wait.
Give me your word
that nothing will happen to my family.
You tell us what we need. they're safe.
Now... Give us a name.
The spiking was ordered
by a woman called
Isabel Vaughn.
Who?
A businesswoman.
An investor?
How do we meet this woman?
She's hosting a meeting today.
and I have an invitation.
Where have you been?
I've been calling you.
I know about you and ed dumani
and asif afridi.
Hundreds died because of that spiking.
Fuck me. Henry. you're in
bed with the people behind it?
Who told you this nonsense?
Elliot Carter?
How long have we known
each other. Simone?
What? So you're going to take
a criminal's word over mine now?
I checked.
I checked back through
our past campaign donors.
and we've been receiving
large donations from companies
that are linked to asif afridi.
I mean. seriously. Henry...
Seriously! Fuck. Henry. All this time!
People like him have been
bankrolling this administration.
Don't be so fucking naive. Simone.
That is how politics works.
I have to tell the police.
Well. I'll be the one
talking to the police.
because you're a fucking drug user
who illegally released
a criminal from custody.
I got you out of that
fucking shithole of an estate.
and I have made you mayor of London!
So just remember that.
Was...
This is your plan all along?
I have a meeting to go to.
So you stay here and you
sort your fucking shit out.
Because there is a
press conference later
to announce our plans to legalize.
and that is what you're going to say.
You fuck this up.
and I'll see to it that you
not only lose your job.
but I'll have you locked up
for every single law you've broken.
Find out who murdered Sean.
Then give them what they deserve.
I'm proud of you. Billy.
- You ready?
- You got to be fucking kidding.
I'm not going with you.
Either I go with you or I go by myself.
Either way. I'm meeting
Isabel Vaughn today.
In case you're wondering.
I'm enjoying every second of this.
Don't get too comfortable. Cornelius.
Again...
It was me who wanted
rid of you back then.
But Finn wasn't convinced. He liked you.
But Marian sided with me.
His... his own... his own
sister wanted him gone. luan.
Do you blame her?
Look at him with his
stick and his fancy dress.
He's trash. A savage.
And she knows it.
Your own sister is ashamed of you.
And nothing is going to change that.
Give me his fucking phone.
Luan...
Luan. you promised
my family would be safe.
Luan!
Get in the car.
Danny. you wait here.
I'm gonna go find grandad.
Okay. mom.
Dad?
Where's Danny?
Luan. he's only a child.
So was elira.
Please.
Danny!
No! No!
Stop!
Mom!
Best drop that gun. boy.
I said fucking stop it!
Your name. please. sir.
Ed dumani.
In the next few days.
the mayor will announce her intention
to begin the legislative process
to legalise drugs in London.
It's a process that will take
around 18 months to implement.
But I have the assurances from the pm
that he will get behind this policy.
The really exciting part
about this legislation
is that it will create
a brand-new 100-billion-dollar industry.
The production of these
drugs. once legalised.
it's a production process
that will be licensed
the way telecoms and
lotteries are licensed.
And with great foresight.
Vaughan alliance has
acquired large parcels of land
in Turkey. Pakistan. Myanmar and Peru
where we have been
running extensive tests
to ascertain which poppy
and Coca plant cultivars
perform best in each region.
Vaughn alliance will be
uniquely primed and ready to bid
for these drug production licenses.
Ed dumani is here.
James. could you show
our guests into my office
and we can talk there in private?
Certainly.
Marian.
Marian. let me go.
Let me get Shannon and Danny
and I will leave London forever.
I'll give you my word.
Why would I believe your word?
I'll... I'll give you whatever
assurances you wanted.
Any compensation.
- It's too late for that.
- It doesn't have to be.
We can make this right.
Not this time.
How long have we
known each other. Marian?
We...
We practically raised
our children together.
Doesn't that count for anything?
I could ask you the same thing.
You weren't meant to
be part of any of this.
I chose that shipment
because you had no stake in it.
And Sean?
I gave the order.
but that decision was
taken above my head.
I can tell you who pulled the trigger.
- It doesn't change what you did.
- His name is Zeek.
His mother is emi kimura.
Remember emi?
He sent you that phone to
drive a wedge between us.
You're lying.
Let me go and I will take you to him.
Come on. Marian.
It's me.
Liam?
Give me your gun.
What can I do for you?
I think you know why we're here.
Tell me how much you lost on the drugs.
and I will have the money transferred.
- This is not about money.
- Then what?
I want to know why.
In service of the greater good.
What the fuck does that mean?
Do you have any idea how much misery
the illegal drug trade causes?
The overdoses and gang murders?
Crimes to feed a habit?
You are not answering my question.
Spiking was necessary.
Public perception needs to shift.
Nothing is working.
We need a whole new
approach to the drugs problem.
Six hundred people died.
There is always a price in a war.
In time. we will save
hundreds of thousands of lives.
And you'll make some
spare change on the side.
Do you think if somebody
found a cure for cancer tomorrow
that they wouldn't make a profit from it.
as well as making the
world a better place?
The two aren't necessarily
mutually exclusive.
And what about my brother?
Are you going to tell me that his death
was part of the greater good?
That was ed dumani's decision.
He couldn't have done
it without your approval.
It's really very boring
when people can't see the bigger picture.
Shit!
Thanks.
I can make you very rich.
I do not care about the money.
This... this is for
killing my wife and son.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
Naomi Keegan and Samuel Carter.
So you do know them?
Of course. Your wife worked for me.
Naomi drew up the framework
for the... Legalisation of drugs.
She believed passionately in
everything that we are doing.
What happened to Naomi and your son
was a terrible. terrible tragedy.
No. You... you fucking killed them.
'Cause I know that the crash
with the truck was staged
to look like a hit-and-run.
But you... you paid them.
You paid them to kill them.
No.
That was his father.
He found out what we were doing.
and he had Naomi killed as a warning.
She's fucking lying.
Lying to save her ass.
What the fuck?
Don't fall for her fucking bullshit. man.
I admired your wife. I
would never have hurt her.
I'm gonna go and find out the truth.
Whichever one of you is
lying to me. I swear to god.
I'll fucking kill you.
Why would you work
for the investors again
after what they did to Finn and Alex?
They left me no choice.
They are about to legalise drugs
and that will mean the
end for the rest of us.
But if you let me go.
I promise you I will make sure that we.
Wallace and dumani.
are part of the new order.
Billy?
It was Ed's decision to kill Sean.
Okay.
This is for Sean.
You... You hadn't seen
him for over a year.
The... the last time you
saw him. he tried to kill you.
He was still my son.
Don't play the grieving
mother with me. Marian.
You never cared for your children.
living there in that cold
fucking mausoleum.
You have betrayed me and
my family for the last time.
Family?
What family. Marian?
Did you never wonder why
Finn had so many mistresses?
You're cold. Marian.
At least I'm dying
knowing that I loved
and I was loved.
And that is more than
you will ever have or...
Please.
Please. luan...
Mom?
No. please. luan. Please.
He's only a child. Please.
Now you're gonna know how you feel
to watch your child die before your eyes.
Elira's death was a terrible mistake.
And you can kill me. but
please don't kill Danny.
I am begging you... From
one parent to another.
Please don't kill my baby.
I have to.
Luan. you don't have to. please.
Please.
I'm sorry.
It must have been difficult for you.
What are we going to do
about Shannon and Danny?
They've been taken care of.
We gave our word they'd be safe.
Danny is a kid.
I practically grew up with Shannon.
We gave them our word.
Well...
It's done.
Do you remember years ago
when dad had that lawyer killed
and she had a kid in the car with her.
and he died too?
What of it?
That was Elliot's wife and son.
All this time. I've blamed
him for taking my arm.
for putting Sean behind bars.
But what we did to him...
Is much worse.
Does Elliot know it was us?
Vaughn told him it
was dad. but I denied it.
So he's not certain.
Not yet. anyway.
Kill him before he is certain.
Is that the answer to everything?
Kill ed. Kill Shannon. Kill Danny.
Kill eliot's wife. Kill
his son. and then him.
Would you prefer we wait
until he comes after us instead?
If you want this life. Billy.
you have to be capable of
making difficult decisions.
Ed dumani and asif afridi
orchestrated the spiking
to soften public perception
towards the legalisation of drugs.
Yeah. I know.
It seems my whole career
has been about them
grooming me to introduce legalisation.
Here.
The author of that report is my wife.
She knew legalisation
was the only way to get
rid of drug-related crime.
When they found out
what she was doing.
they killed her and my son.
Elliot. I'm so sorry.
The worst part. actually.
is that in all of this
I've become what she
was trying to destroy.
I'm one of the people that killed her.
Use that to take down the gangs.
No. I... I don't know that I... I can.
Of course you can.
Don't be like me.
Don't lose your bearings.
Remember why you started this.
Good luck.
Elliot. Wait.
Your confession.
- Elliot.
- Yeah.
It's me.
I need to see you.
I think I know who
killed your wife and son.
Before I take any questions.
I would like to make a statement.
In the last few moments
I have just learned that
my colleague Henry amiel
has been murdered
in a gangland assassination.
Henry was a man of
integrity and great vision.
And someone I could always trust.
I'd like to offer my deepest condolences
to Henry's family in their moment
of profound grief.
I believe that Henry was targeted
because he had been developing
a strategy to legalise.
regulate and tax the
production of illicit drugs.
Now. this strategy
would take the illegal drug trade
out of the hands of gangsters.
That with the prime minister's support.
I will ensure
that Henry's vision becomes a reality.
London will become a
test case for this initiative
and if successful. will be
rolled out across the country.
I have no doubt
that legalisation is the
single most effective weapon
that we have against the
organised crime gangs.
This initiative will significantly
weaken their power to operate.
And so it is with absolute confidence
that I am putting the gangs on notice.
Your days of terrorising this city
are numbered.
What did you find out?
Sit down.
Did I ever tell you
that when I was a kid...
My father buried a man
up to his neck in the ground?
Gave a gun to Sean
and told him to shoot him.
- Just tell me what you found.
- But he couldn't.
You don't have to do it. No! Please!
No! Don't! Please!
He... he couldn't do it.
So I shot him instead.
How many people have you killed. Elliot?
I don't know.
Me neither.
I've lost count.
Forgot most of them.
There's a few I haven't.
I can't.
Do you want some advice?
Get as far away from here as
you can and never come back.
Because this fucking life of ours
takes everything you
have and it destroys you.
Bill.
- I don't know what's happened...
- and you think you're winning.
I know you do. But you can't.
You can't win at this... game.
Look at my dad.
Look at Sean.
The dumanis.
Even luan's family. all of them fucked.
Nobody wins.
Nobody ever fucking wins.
I mean. look what happened
to your wife and son
just fucking tell me.
Kill me.
- I'm not killing you. bill.
- I deserve it.
- I don't care.
- I deserve to die.
I killed your wife and son.
- This is not fucking funny.
- It's true. though.
No. I know who was driving the truck.
and I sure as fucking
hell know it wasn't you.
No. but I was there.
My dad wanted
information back from her.
- No. no. no. you're lying now!
- I saw her.
I saw her in the car. I saw her.
My son... is in the back.
And I saw your boy. too.
And I could have saved them.
She begged me.
She begged me to save your son.
Help my son. Please. please...
Please help my son.
Please. please.
And I didn't.
I let them burn.
Please... I let them both fucking burn!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm